README.md, before:

# FF-Better-Tabs
Small userChrome.css file to make the tab close button work better in Firefox

This is a very minimal file with only a few rules, so it should be compatible with all Firefox versions that use Proton UI (>= 89.0) and is unlikely to get broken by updates.

## Tweaks

- The tab close button is hidden by default
- It shows up when you hover over a tab
- You can enable always showing the close button on active tabs

## Screenshots

![firefox_MvnNYSwFZL](https://github.com/nikkehtine/FF-Better-Tabs/assets/27138416/b662ca9f-2271-4e01-bd9a-cefb3ad1980c)

If you want to always have a close button visible on the active tab, you can uncomment the last rule:

![firefox_aI2YRzyPF7](https://github.com/nikkehtine/FF-Better-Tabs/assets/27138416/3a37cae9-89e5-4fd8-8675-75950f143eac)

## Installing

1. Download this repository
2. Go to `about:config`
3. Set `toolkit.legacyUserProfileCustomizations.stylesheets` to `true`
4. Go to `about:support`
5. Open the **profile folder**
6. Copy the `chrome` folder from this repository to the profile folder you just opened
7. Close all open windows and open Firefox again

Commit message:

Remove the extra spacing and separator on the left

README.md, after:

# FF-Better-Tabs

Small userChrome.css file to make the tab close button work better in Firefox

This is a very minimal file with only a few rules, so it should be compatible with all Firefox versions that use Proton UI (>= 89.0) and is unlikely to get broken by updates.

## Tweaks

-   The tab close button is hidden by default
-   It shows up when you hover over a tab
-   You can enable always showing the close button on active tabs
-   The left side separator has been removed
-   The extra padding on the left on unmaximized windows is gone
-   No extra space between pinned and normal tabs

## Screenshots

![firefox_MvnNYSwFZL](https://github.com/nikkehtine/FF-Better-Tabs/assets/27138416/b662ca9f-2271-4e01-bd9a-cefb3ad1980c)

If you want to always have a close button visible on the active tab, you can uncomment the last rule:

![firefox_aI2YRzyPF7](https://github.com/nikkehtine/FF-Better-Tabs/assets/27138416/3a37cae9-89e5-4fd8-8675-75950f143eac)

## Installing

1. Download this repository
2. Go to `about:config`
3. Set `toolkit.legacyUserProfileCustomizations.stylesheets` to `true`
4. Go to `about:support`
5. Open the **current profile folder**
6. Copy the `chrome` folder from this repository to the profile folder you just opened
7. Close all open Firefox windows and open Firefox again

## Acknowledgements

-   [Soft-Bred and Brave-Fox](https://github.com/Soft-Bred/Brave-Fox) for [this cool document about styling Firefox](https://brave-fox.notion.site/Overflow-Files-adf332802aab4dcf98785f9b7307ea5f)
-   [r/FirefoxCSS](https://www.reddit.com/r/FirefoxCSS) community
